src/category_theory/adjunction/basic.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/adjunction/fully_faithful.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/adjunction/limits.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/full_subcategory.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/fully_faithful.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/limits/cones.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/limits/creates.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/limits/functor_category.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/limits/lattice.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/limits/opposites.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/finite_products.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/limits/types.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/monad/adjunction.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/monad/basic.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/products/bifunctor.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/computability/partrec_code.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/control/basic.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/control/monad/cont.lean : line 12 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/control/monad/writer.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/control/traversable/derive.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/analysis/filter.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/analysis/topology.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/array/lemmas.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/bitvec/basic.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/buffer/basic.lean : line 12 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/pfunctor/multivariate/M.lean : line 43 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/pfunctor/multivariate/W.lean : line 42 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/qpf/multivariate/basic.lean : line 73 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/qpf/multivariate/constructions/cofix.lean : line 38 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/qpf/multivariate/constructions/fix.lean : line 47 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/qpf/univariate/basic.lean : line 35 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/seq/computation.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/seq/parallel.lean : line 14 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/seq/seq.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/seq/wseq.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/deprecated/subfield.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/deprecated/subring.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/logic/relator.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/meta/coinductive_predicates.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/algebra.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/apply_fun.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/auto_cases.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/chain.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/converter/binders.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/converter/interactive.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/converter/old_conv.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/core.lean : line 17 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/delta_instance.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/elide.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/ext.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/find.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/hint.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/induction.lean : line 1329 : ERR_RNT : Reserved notation outside tactic.reserved_notation
src/tactic/interactive.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/lint/default.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/local_cache.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/monotonicity/basic.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/monotonicity/interactive.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/monotonicity/lemmas.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/noncomm_ring.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/nth_rewrite/basic.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/nth_rewrite/congr.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/clause.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/coeffs.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/eq_elim.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/find_ees.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/find_scalars.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/int/dnf.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/int/form.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/int/main.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/int/preterm.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/lin_comb.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/main.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/misc.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/nat/dnf.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/nat/form.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/nat/main.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/nat/neg_elim.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/nat/preterm.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/nat/sub_elim.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/prove_unsats.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/term.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/push_neg.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/restate_axiom.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/rewrite.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/rewrite_all/basic.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/show_term.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/simpa.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/slice.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/split_ifs.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/squeeze.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/subtype_instance.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/tauto.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/tidy.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/transfer.lean : line 6 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/transform_decl.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/trunc_cases.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/wlog.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/testing/slim_check/testable.lean : line 552 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/algebra/group_completion.lean : line 12 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/topology/algebra/open_subgroup.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/topology/algebra/uniform_ring.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/topology/category/Top/open_nhds.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
